= Litmos-client

Litmos-client is a Ruby gem that provides a wrapper for interacting with the Litmos LMS API[http://help.litmos.com/developer-api/].

Loosely based on the {Hominid gem}[https://github.com/tatemae-consultancy/hominid] by Brian Getting, thanks Brian!

== Requirements

You will need a {Litmos}[http://www.litmos.com] account. Once you have your Litmos account set up, you will need to get your API key.

== Installation

  (sudo) gem install litmos-client

== Usage

Please refer to the {Litmos API Documentation}[http://help.litmos.com/developer-api/] for information about what methods are available, the arguments that can be passed to each method, and the output that the API will return. Start by creating an API object:

  litmos = LitmosClient::API.new('your_api_key', 'your_source_domain')

You can then query the API for users:

  litmos.users
  litmos.find_user_by_id(id)

LitmosClient will automatically convert the result into a ruby object and de-CamelCase the result keys:

  # API returns: {"LastName" => "Ballou", "FirstName" => "Kennon", "Id" => "bS5zBrR3"}
  user = litmos.find_user_by_id("bS5zBrR3")
  user.id
  user.first_name
  user.last_name

The Litmos API supports searching and pagination for some methods, so you can pass the options :start, :limit, :sort, :dir, and :search. By default the API returns up to the first 100 records.

  users = litmos.users :limit => 100, :start => 100

For methods that aren't yet implemented in the gem, you can simply use the *get* method:

  litmos.get "teams"

== Dependencies

Litmos-client depends on the Rest-client[https://github.com/archiloque/rest-client], and JSON gems (should be automatically loaded via the gemspec).

== TODO
* Figure out how to write a test suite for a live API!

== Contributing to litmos-client
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Kennon Ballou. See LICENSE.txt for further details.

